WHO WANTS ONE
OF MY SPECIAL HOMEMADE BROWNIES?
Both:
I WILL HAVE ONE.
OH! OH!
I'M NOT GOING
TO HAVE ONE.
THAT'S OKAY.
NO, NO, IT'S
JUST MY TOOTH.
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL HAVE ONE.
SO WHAT'S THE MATTER,
YOU NEED A DENTIST?
I'VE GOT A GOOD ONE.
THANKS.
I HAVE A GOOD ONE TOO.
I JUST... I CAN'T SEE HIM.
SEE, THAT
IS THE PROBLEM
WITH INVISIBLE DENTISTS.
WHY CAN'T YOU GO TO HIM?
BECAUSE... EVERY TIME
I GO TO THE DENTIST
SOMEBODY DIES.
THAT IS SO WEIRD
BECAUSE EVERY TIME
I GO TO THE DENTIST
I LOOK DOWN THE
HYGIENIST'S BLOUSE.
Rachel:
PHOEBE...
WHAT, UM... WHAT?
YEAH.
FIRST THERE WAS MY AUNT MARY
AND THEN THERE WAS
JOHN, MY MAILMAN
AND THEN MY COWBOY FRIEND,
ALBINO BOB.
AND ALL OF THESE PEOPLE
ACTUALLY DIED?
YES. WHILE I WAS IN THE CHAIR.
THAT'S WHY I TAKE
SUCH GOOD CARE OF MY TEETH NOW.
IT'S NOT ABOUT ORAL HYGIENE.
I FLOSS TO SAVE LIVES.
PHEEBS, COME ON.
YOU DIDN'T KILL ANYBODY.
THESE PEOPLE
JUST HAPPENED TO DIE
WHEN YOU WENT
TO THE DENTIST.
IT'S JUST A COINCIDENCE.
WELL, TELL THAT TO THEM.
OH, YOU CAN'T! THEY'RE DEAD!
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
THANKS, GUNTHER.
COULD I GET
A NAPKIN TOO?
OH, LIKE YOU DON'T
ALREADY HAVE EVERYTHING.
OW! OW!
Rachel:
PHOEBE, YOU'RE IN PAIN.
WOULD YOU JUST GO
TO THE DENTIST?
JUST GO.
ALL RIGHT, FINE, FINE
BUT IF YOU'RE MY NEXT VICTIM
DON'T COME BACK AS A POLTERGEIST
WHO SUCKS ME INTO THE TV.
I PROMISE.
ALTHOUGH DON'T FEEL
LIKE YOU CAN'T VISIT.
HEY, IS CHANDLER HERE?
NO. NO, HE'S NOT.
YOU GUYS, JOEY
JUST SAW JANICE
KISSING HER
EX-HUSBAND.
OH!
WHAT?
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?
HOW ARE YOU GOING
TO TELL CHANDLER?
I WAS THINKING ABOUT THAT
AND I THINK THE BEST WAY
WOULD BE... TO NOT.
Rachel:
JOEY, YOU CAN'T
KEEP THIS TO YOURSELF.
YOU HAVE TO TELL HIM.
IT'LL KILL HIM.
I MEAN, IT'LL JUST KILL HIM.
WELL, YOU COULD WAIT
TILL I GO TO THE DENTIST.
MAYBE I'LL KILL HIM.
OOH! UGLY NAKED GUY
IS USING HIS NEW HAMMOCK.
IT'S LIKE
A PLAY-DOH FAT FACTORY.
WELL, I'M GOING TO THE DENTIST
SO LISTEN, OKAY?
JUST BE ON THE LOOKOUT
FOR ANYTHING THAT-THAT-THAT
YOU COULD FALL INTO
OR THAT CAN FALL ON YOU
OR...
OR JUST LOOK OUT!
OKAY, AND, UM...
I ALSO JUST WANT TO...
I JUST WANT TO TELL
YOU ALL THAT, UM...
( crying )
OKAY, I HAVE A PROBLEM.
I HAVE TO GO IN TO WORK
FOR A FEW HOURS.
SOME KIDS MESSED UP
THE HOMO SAPIEN DISPLAY.
WHAT DID THEY DO?
WELL, THEY PAINTED OVER THE WORD
"SAPIEN," FOR ONE THING.
THEN THEY...
REARRANGED THE FIGURES.
LET'S JUST LEAVE IT AT THAT.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO WATCH BEN FOR YOU?
THAT'S WHAT I WAS
GOING TO ASK. THANK YOU.
HELLO? WHAT ABOUT ME?
YOU... YOU WANT TO WATCH BEN.
YES... THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
I JUST ASKED MONICA
BECAUSE I KNOW
HOW EMPTY HER LIFE IS.
HEY, ROSS, I GOT
A SCIENCE QUESTION.
IF THE HOMO SAPIENS WERE,
IN FACT, HOMO SAPIENS...
ALL RIGHT?
IS THAT WHY THEY'RE EXTINCT?
JOEY, HOMO SAPIENS ARE PEOPLE.
HEY, I'M NOT JUDGING.
I'M JUST ASKING.
LOOK, BENNY. SPOON.
SPOON.
COME ON.
ALL RIGHT, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK HE'S BORED.
HERE. BEN, YOU WANT
TO PLAY THE AIRPLANE GAME?
YOU WANT TO SHOW RACHEL?
COME HERE. YOU WANT
TO DO SOMETHING FUN?
OKAY... WHEE!
OH!
WHEE!
OH... WHEE!
( thud )
YOU'RE SO BRAVE.
YES, YOU ARE.
OKAY.
HONEY, HE'S FINE.
LET'S JUST PUT HIM DOWN.
COME HERE, BABE.
THAT'S A GOOD BOY.
HOW COULD YOU
DO THAT TO HIM?!
ROSS TRUSTED ME.
WHAT IS HE GOING TO SAY?!
HE WON'T SAY ANYTHING
BECAUSE WE WON'T TELL.
WE'RE NOT?
NO, WE'RE NOT.
ALL RIGHT, I LIKE THAT.
OKAY.
OKAY, SO WE'RE OKAY.
WE'RE OKAY, AREN'T WE?
NO, WE'RE NOT OKAY.
THERE'S A BUMP.
WHAT BUMP?
LOOK, THERE'S A BUMP.
OH, MY GOD.
WELL, PUSH IT IN!
I CANNOT PUSH IT IN!
OKAY, WE'RE GOING
TO NEED A DISTRACTION.
OKAY.
THAT'S IT.
I GOT IT!
OKAY.
THE SECOND ROSS WALKS IN,
I WANT YOU TO TAKE HIM BACK
TO YOUR BEDROOM
AND YOU DO WHATEVER IT IS
THAT MAKES HIM GO, "REEE!"
OR...
WE COULD PUT A HAT
ON HIS HEAD.
A HAT! YES!
WE NEED A HAT.
WHERE DO WE FIND
A TINY HAT?
OH, OH, OH!
I'LL GET
RAINY DAY BEAR!
BECAUSE HE'LL KNOW
WHAT TO DO?
OH, MY GOD,
YOU'RE A GENIUS!
OH, GOD. IT'S KIND
OF SEWN ON, THOUGH.
GIVE IT, GIVE IT!
OH!
OH, IT'S JUST LIKE
A BLOODBATH IN HERE TODAY.
HEY, HOLD ON A SECOND.
HOLD ON A SECOND.
DO YOU THINK
THESE PEARLS ARE NICE?
I'D REALLY PREFER
A MOUNTAIN BIKE.
JANICE'S BIRTHDAY
IS COMING UP.
I WANT TO GET HER
SOMETHING SPECIAL.
COME IN HERE WITH ME.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA,
WAIT. WHOA.
YOU, UH... YOU WANT
TO GET HER SOMETHING SPECIAL
GET HER FLOWERS,
GET HER CANDY.
GET HER GUM.
GIRLS LOVE GUM.
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
"DEAR JANICE,
HAVE A HUBBA BUBBA BIRTHDAY."
I WOULD LIKE TO GET HER
SOMETHING SERIOUS.
OH, YOU WANT
YOU KNOW WHAT YOU SHOULD DO
YOU SHOULD GET HER
ONE OF THOSE, UM...
BARIUM ENEMAS.
THOSE ARE DEAD SERIOUS.
ALL RIGHT, LOOK,
I'M GOING TO GO IN HERE
AND YOU DON'T BUY ME
ANYTHING EVER.
NO, NO, YOU CAN'T!
YOU CAN'T, OKAY? YOU CAN'T.
YOU CAN'T BUY HER PEARLS.
YOU JUST CAN'T. YOU CAN'T.
WHY NOT?
OH, GOD. UH... OKAY.
HERE'S THE THING...
( clears throat )
THIS IS THE THING...
OKAY, THE THING IS...
WHAT IS THE THING?
OKAY.
I WENT DOWN TO THE MATTRESS
KING SHOWROOM AND...
AND I SAW JANICE
KISSING HER EX-HUSBAND.
WHAT?
THEY WERE IN HIS OFFICE.
WELL, SHE...
SHE WOULDN'T DO THAT.
SHE'S-SHE'S WITH ME.
I'M TELLING YOU,
MAN, I SAW IT.
WELL, YOU'RE WRONG, OKAY?
YOU'RE WRONG.
I'M NOT WRONG.
I WISH I WAS.
I'M SORRY.
I BET THAT BARIUM ENEMA
DOESN'T SOUND
SO BAD NOW, HUH?
IT JUST MAKES MORE SENSE
AS AN ENSEMBLE.
BESIDES, IT TAKES
THE FOCUS OFF THE HAT.
( knocking )
NO... OH!
YOU'RE ALIVE, YOU'RE ALIVE!
SEE, PHEEBS?
I PROMISED YOU
NO ONE WOULD DIE.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
CAN I USE YOUR PHONE?
I WANT TO CALL
EVERYONE I KNOW.
SURE. WE HAVE NO MONEY.
GO AHEAD.
HEY, YOU'RE NOT DEAD!
OKAY, SEE YOU.
MONKA.
OH, MY GOD.
HE JUST SAID MY NAME.
DID YOU HEAR?
YEAH.
MONKA BANG.
( clears throat )
OKAY, I HEARD THAT.
DID HE JUST SAY
"MONICA BANG"?
UH-HUH.
OH, MY GOD!
HE'S GOING TO RAT ME OUT!
MONKA BANG.
( chuckling ):
OH!
SWEETIE! SWEETIE, YOU NEED
TO STOP SAYING THAT, NOW.
THAT'S NO BIG DEAL.
IT'S NOT EVEN
WORTH MENTIONING.
YOU SEE, WE ALL DO IT
ALL THE TIME.
SEE? WATCH THIS.
BEN! BEN! BEN!
OW! MONICA BANG.
EVERYBODY BANG.
BEN BANG.
RACHEL BANG.
BANG, RACHEL. BANG!
OKAY.
OH, ISN'T IT FUN?
LOOK AT THAT.
WE ALL DO IT.
OKAY, I'M STOPPING NOW.
YOU OKAY?
OH, YEAH.
YOU KNOW,
IF IT'S NOT A HEADBOARD
IT'S JUST NOT WORTH IT.
HOW'S MY BING-A-LING?
UH... I DON'T KNOW.
Y-YOU TELL ME.
ANYTHING YOU, UH...
WANT TO TELL ME?
BECAUSE IF YOU...
YOU SHOULD...
IF YOU'D... TELL ME.
( slowly ):
WHY ARE YOUR EYES SO WIDE?
YOU TELL ME.
MAYBE IT'S BECAUSE I WAS
JUST FOOLING AROUND WITH MY EX.
OH, NO, NO! NO, NO, NO, NO!
THAT WAS YOU!
OH, MY GOD!
ALL RIGHT.
HOW DID YOU KNOW?
JOEY TOLD ME.
HE SAW YOU TWO KISSING.
IN THE PARK?
NO, IN HIS OFFICE.
HOW MANY KISSES WERE THERE?
JUST THOSE TWO!
WH-WH-WHY?!
W-WHY? WHY-WHY
WAS THERE KISSING?
THERE SHOULD BE NO KISSING.
OH, I'M SORRY, HONEY.
I'M SO, SO... HAH!
I'M SO, SO SORRY.
I JUST... HAH!
WHEN I...
OH, WHAT HAPPENED WAS THAT I...
I CAN'T BREATHE!
YOU GET ME A BAG
OR SOMETHING?
YEAH.
HERE, HERE.
THERE.
( sputtering )
IT'S THE RECEIPT.
I'LL TAKE IT.
ALL RIGHT, LOOK.
I'VE GOT TO KNOW--
ARE YOU FINISHED WITH ME?
( paper rustling )
ARE YOU FINISHED WITH HIM?
DO YOU STILL LOVE HIM?
( paper rustling )
DO YOU STILL LOVE ME?
ALL RIGHT, LOOK.
I'M GOING TO NEED
AN ACTUAL ANSWER HERE, OKAY?
SO, WHICH IS IT--
HIM OR ME?
( phone rings )
I DON'T KNOW.
OKAY, IF YOU'RE ALIVE
YOU ANSWER YOUR PHONE!
BEN, I WON'T
TELL YOUR DADDY
YOU HAD ICE CREAM
BEFORE DINNER
IF YOU WON'T TELL HIM
ABOUT OUR LITTLE
BONKING INCIDENT.
MONICA, NUMBER ONE,
I DON'T THINK BEN
UNDERSTANDS THE CONCEPT
OF BRIBERY
AND NUMBER TWO...
( chuckling )
WHAT?
YOU SAID "NUMBER TWO."
I ALSO SAID "NUMBER ONE."
I KNOW.
HEY, EVERYONE.
HI.
HOW'S MY LITTLE BOY?
Monica:
HE'S PERFECT.
HE'S NEVER
BEEN BETTER.
WHAT DID YOU DO,
TAKE HIM WHALING?
MONKA.
OH, MY GOD.
HE JUST SAID YOUR NAME.
THAT'S GREAT.
GOOD JOB, BEN.
MONKA BANG.
OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT'S WHAT I'D SOUND LIKE
IF I EXPLODED.
WHOO-HOO!
THE CURSE IS BROKEN.
I CALLED EVERYBODY I KNOW,
AND EVERYONE IS ALIVE.
HUH.
WHAT?
UGLY NAKED GUY
LOOKS AWFULLY STILL.
( gasps )
OH, MY GOD.
I KILLED HIM.
I KILLED ANOTHER ONE.
AND THIS CURSE IS
GETTING STRONGER, TOO--
TO BRING DOWN
SOMETHING THAT BIG?
WELL, MAYBE HE'S JUST
TAKING A NAP.
I'M TELLING YOU
HE HASN'T MOVED
SINCE THIS MORNING.
WE SHOULD
CALL SOMEBODY.
AND TELL THEM WHAT?
THAT THE NAKED GUY WE STARE AT
ALL THE TIME ISN'T MOVING?
WE HAVE TO FIND OUT
IF HE IS ALIVE.
YEAH, BUT HOW
ARE WE GOING TO DO THAT?
THERE'S NO WAY.
THERE IS ONE WAY.
HIS WINDOW'S OPEN.
I SAY... WE POKE HIM.
HEY.
YOU KNOW
HOW WE SAVE
ALL THOSE CHOPSTICKS
FOR NO REASON
WHEN WE GET
CHINESE FOOD?
YEAH.
WELL, NOW WE GOT A REASON.
WHAT?
WE'RE FASHIONING
A VERY LONG POKING DEVICE.
ALL RIGHT.
HEY, UH... WHAT'S THE MATTER?
I TALKED TO JANICE.
OH, MY GOD.
IS SHE GOING
BACK TO HIM?
SHE DOESN'T KNOW.
SAYS SHE LOVES
US BOTH.
YOU KNOW,
I WOKE UP
THIS MORNING, I WAS IN LOVE.
I WAS HAPPY.
YOU KNOW, IT SERVES ME RIGHT
FOR BUYING THAT 12-PACK
OF CONDOMS.
AND NOW, I CAN'T
EVEN RETURN THEM
BECAUSE SHE CHOKED
ON THE RECEIPT.
WHAT ARE YOU, UH...
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU KNOW? WHAT,
WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
UH, IT DOESN'T MATTER
WHAT I'D DO.
COME ON.
COME ON. TELL ME.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU'RE, UH...
PROBABLY NOT GOING
TO WANT TO HEAR THIS
BUT, UH...
IF IT WAS ME--
AND THIS IS JUST ME--
I WOULD, UH...
I WOULD BOW OUT.
WHAT?!
WHAT ARE YOU...
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
THEY HAVE A KID TOGETHER.
YOU KNOW?
THEY'RE LIKE...
THEY'RE LIKE A FAMILY....
AND IF, I DON'T KNOW
IF THERE'S A CHANCE
THEY CAN MAKE THAT WORK
I KNOW I WOULDN'T
WANT TO BE THE GUY
WHO STOOD IN
THE WAY OF THAT.
YOU OKAY?
( sniffs )
YOU, UH...
YOU WANT TO COME
POKE A NUDE GUY?
WELL, HE'S FINALLY ASLEEP.
ABOUT THAT, UH, BUMP
ON HIS HEAD...
ARE, UH, ARE YOU SURE
IT'S A NEW BUMP?
I MEAN, NO OFFENCE
BUT I'VE ALWAYS
THOUGHT OF BEN
AS A FAIRLY
BUMPY-HEADED CHILD.
IT'S OKAY IF HE
BUMPS HIS HEAD.
KIDS BUMP THEIR HEADS
ALL THE TIME.
IT WAS YOUR FIRST
TIME BABY-SITTING.
I'M SURE YOU DID
THE BEST YOU COULD.
I DID.
I KNOW. I'M
JUST SAYING
YOU HAVE TO WATCH
THEM ALL THE TIME.
I DID!
I WATCHED.
I WATCHED MONICA
BANG HIS HEAD
AGAINST THAT THING!
MONICA DID IT?
( Rachel clearing throat )
MONICA?
YEAH?
DID YOU NOTICE
ANYTHING WEIRD
ABOUT BEN TODAY?
NO. WHY?
WELL, I WAS JUST
PLAYING WITH HIM
AND, YOU KNOW, WE WERE
DOING THE ALPHABET SONG
WHICH HE USED TO
BE REALLY GOOD AT
BUT SUDDENLY HE'S JUST
LEAVING OUT "E" AND "F."
IT'S LIKE THEY JUST,
UH, I DON'T KNOW
FELL OUT OF HIS HEAD.
REALLY?
OH, AND ALSO,
HE'S, HE'S WALKING...
KIND OF FUNNY.
YEAH, I MEAN
IT'S LIKE HIS LEFT LEG
IS MOVING
A LOT FASTER
THAN HIS RIGHT LEG.
YEAH, HE'S IN THERE
JUST SORT OF, YOU KNOW...
OH, MY GOD, I WRECKED YOUR BABY!
( chuckles )
I HOPE IT'S STILL FUNNY
WHEN YOU'RE IN HELL.
YOU JERK.
YOU KNOW HOW MUCH
I LOVE THAT KID.
MONKA BANG! MONKA BANG!
OW.
I'LL GET
THE HAT.
JANICE, I HAVE SOMETHING
I NEED TO TELL YOU
AND I WANT YOU
TO LET ME GET THROUGH IT
BECAUSE IT'S...
IT'S, IT'S NOT GOING
TO BE EASY.
OKAY.
I THINK YOU SHOULD
GO BACK WITH GARY.
I DON'T WANT TO BE THE GUY
THAT BREAKS UP A FAMILY.
YOU KNOW,
WHEN MY PARENTS SPLIT UP
IT WAS
BECAUSE OF THAT GUY
AND WHENEVER I WOULD SEE HIM
I WOULD ALWAYS THINK,
"YOU'RE THE REASON.
YOU ARE WHY
THEY'RE NOT TOGETHER"
AND I HATED THAT GUY
AND IT DIDN'T MATTER
HOW NICE HE WAS
OR, YOU KNOW,
HOW HAPPY HE MADE MY DAD.
WOW.
YEAH, WELL...
IT'S THE RIGHT THING TO DO.
( groans )
YOU'RE RIGHT.
OH, GOD.
BUT BEFORE I CAN
SAY... GOOD-BYE...
THERE'S SOMETHING I REALLY
NEED YOU TO KNOW, CHANDLER.
THE WAY I FEEL ABOUT YOU...
IT'S LIKE I
FINALLY UNDERSTAND
WHAT LIONEL RICHIE'S
BEEN SINGING ABOUT.
YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, WHAT WE HAVE--
IT'S LIKE MOVIE LOVE.
YOU'RE MY SOUL MATE.
AND I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE'RE NOT GOING
TO BE SPENDING
THE REST OF OUR
LIVES TOGETHER.
THEN DON'T LEAVE ME.
WHAT?
FORGET WHAT I SAID.
I WAS BABBLING.
PICK ME.
NO, YOU WERE RIGHT.
I GOT TO GIVE MY MARRIAGE
ANOTHER CHANCE.
NO, YOU DON'T.
NO, NO, NO.
I SAY YOU HAVE TO GIVE
YOUR DIVORCE ANOTHER CHANCE.
I'M SORRY.
OH, DON'T GO.
NO, I-I GOT TO GO.
NO.
NO, NO.
HONEY, HONEY...
PEOPLE ARE LOOKING.
I DON'T CARE.
I DON'T CARE!
YEAH, UM... OKAY.
I'M, I'M LEAVING NOW.
YOU CAN'T LEAVE!
I HAVE YOUR SHOE!
GOOD-BYE, CHANDLER BING.
RACHEL HAS THOSE
IN BURGUNDY.
SOMETHING THIS
BIG AND LONG
IS GOING TO BE VERY
DIFFICULT TO MANEUVER.
FORTUNATELY, I HAVE
A LOT OF EXPERIENCE
IN THAT AREA.
( chuckling )
CAN WE PLEASE
FOCUS HERE?
A NAKED MAN'S LIFE
HANGS IN THE BALANCE.
I'M TELLING YOU,
HE'S DEAD.
WHAT WE'RE
ABOUT TO HAVE HERE
IS A DEAD FAT GUY
ON A STICK.
ALL RIGHT. LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, LET'S POKE.
STEADY, STEADY...
OKAY, A LITTLE HIGHER.
CAREFUL OF THE ANGLE.
OKAY, OKAY.
WE'RE APPROACHING
THE WINDOW.
THREAD THE NEEDLE.
HE'S ALIVE!
HE'S ALIVE!!!
AND YET WE'RE
STILL POKING HIM.
OKAY, RETRACT THE DEVICE.
HE DOES NOT LOOK HAPPY.
HEY, NOW HE'S SHOWING US
HIS POKING DEVICE.
HEY, THAT'S NEVER
GOING TO MAKE IT
ALL THE WAY OVER
HERE, BUDDY.
HA!
♪ I'LL HOLD YOU CLOSE
IN MY ARMS ♪
♪ I CAN'T RESIST
YOUR CHARM ♪
♪ AND LOVE... ♪
♪ LOVE... ♪
( together ):
♪ I'LL BE A FOOL ♪
♪ FOR YOU, I'M SURE ♪
♪ YOU KNOW I DON'T MIND ♪
( falsetto ):
♪ OH, YOU KNOW
I DON'T MIND... ♪
♪ YES! ♪
♪ AND YES! ♪
♪ YOU MEAN THE WORLD
TO ME, OH... ♪
♪ I KNOW ♪
♪ I'VE FOUND IN YOU ♪
( both off-key ):
♪ MY ENDLESS LO... ♪
♪ MY ENDLESS... ♪
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]
♪ LOVE ♪
♪ LOVE... LO...
LOVE. ♪